yeah
i 100% feel like I'm part of the
family by all means i do so
right now I'm super-pumped have
a little Danny on the boat
three o'clock in the morning
I've been up all night long
trying to get this blade
I'm gonna see to it that this
kid sees a tuna tonight
Daniel for that month there's no
way I'm gonna let the annual
business
I wanted to see this because I
want to have had the experience
of seeing a bluefin catching
food like we have that prepared
it was hired and excited at the
same time but really exciting
because I never wanted to know
I stop is really big
wow that was going on for you
dangle look out
watch the anger you're here
again and again it's almost
going on in about hope about the
right you can come on
color color guard
look at your blue if anybody can
love you
and blowing a photo special
school
look at it fish
yeah
got it
and your friends doing brother
that's a tuna baby
thank you
Lonnie eyes are doing are there
who's found that maybe your pal
was the greatest feeling in the
world meet and now he's part of
the club
he's part of the plan and look
up with Michael hopefully get to
do it a lot board over the rest
of his life
sup guys we got a nephew on
board History Day oh man got his
first loop and congratulations
maybe you'll be buying fish with
him one day
ya want to get this thing out
and look at the ability to 403
pounds that's a nice one there
was a nice one huh
that is plenty of fat good color
$22
I don't know about a job we've
been struggling this year and
the fact that i was able to
leave the dock this trip with my
father had my nephew on board
and catching absolute diamond
made probably the most memorable
ship I've had in a long time
yeah